README.md, before:

### Hi, I'm Keith

I am a software developer based in the south-west of Ireland    
I've been here for <!-- writing_moons starts -->563<!-- writing_moons ends --> moons and posted <!-- writing_tweets starts -->5807<!-- writing_tweets ends --> tweets.

<!--
**vool/vool** is a ✨ _special_ ✨ repository because its `README.md` (this file) appears on your GitHub profile.

Here are some ideas to get you started:

- 🔭 I’m currently working on ...
- 🌱 I’m currently learning ...
- 👯 I’m looking to collaborate on ...
- 🤔 I’m looking for help with ...
- 💬 Ask me about ...
- 📫 How to reach me: ...
- 😄 Pronouns: ...
- ⚡ Fun fact: ...
-->

[My personal website &rarr;](http://vool.ie/)    
[@tweetphelan on Twitter &rarr;](https://twitter.com/tweetphelan)    
[@phelan@mastodon.ie on Mastodon &rarr;](https://mastodon.ie/@phelan)    
[keith@vool.ie on Email &rarr;](mailto:keith@vool.ie)


### 📝 Recent Blog Posts

<!-- writing starts -->
* [The Brent Goose Poster](https://vool.ie/the-brent-goose-poster/) - February 2024
* [Goodiepal @ 50 Poster](https://vool.ie/goodiepal-poster/) - January 2024
* [Gig for Gaza Poster](https://vool.ie/gig-for-gaza-poster/) - December 2023
* [St Brigid’s Cross (Data Centre Edition)](https://vool.ie/st-brigids-cross-data-centre-edition/) - February 2022
* [Isolation Island](https://vool.ie/isolation-island/) - April 2020
* [@everyringfort](https://vool.ie/everyringfort/) - March 2019
<!-- writing ends -->

View the archives (<!-- writing_count starts -->10<!-- writing_count ends --> posts) @ [vool.ie](http://vool.ie).

Commit message:

Out with twits, in with toots

README.md, after:

### Hi, I'm Keith

I am a software developer and doer of things based in the south-west of Ireland.     
I've been here for <!-- writing_moons starts -->563<!-- writing_moons ends --> moons and posted <!-- writing_toots starts -->110<!-- writing_toots ends --> toots.

### 📝 Recent Blog Posts

<!-- writing starts -->
* [The Brent Goose Poster](https://vool.ie/the-brent-goose-poster/) - February 2024
* [Goodiepal @ 50 Poster](https://vool.ie/goodiepal-poster/) - January 2024
* [Gig for Gaza Poster](https://vool.ie/gig-for-gaza-poster/) - December 2023
* [St Brigid’s Cross (Data Centre Edition)](https://vool.ie/st-brigids-cross-data-centre-edition/) - February 2022
* [Isolation Island](https://vool.ie/isolation-island/) - April 2020
* [@everyringfort](https://vool.ie/everyringfort/) - March 2019
<!-- writing ends -->

View the archives (<!-- writing_count starts -->10<!-- writing_count ends --> posts) @ [vool.ie](https://vool.ie)

### 🔗 Links
[My personal website &rarr;](https://vool.ie/)    
~~[@tweetphelan on Twitter &rarr;](https://twitter.com/tweetphelan)~~    
[@phelan@mastodon.ie on Mastodon &rarr;](https://mastodon.ie/@phelan)    
[\_keithphelan\_ on Instagram &rarr;](https://www.instagram.com/_keithphelan_/)   
[keith@vool.ie on Email &rarr;](mailto:keith@vool.ie)
